# Hacking

I have build this project with the idea of "None of us is as smart as all of us"
in mind and hence have put comments between the codes at all the necessary
places. I will really appreciate if you dedicate your time in contributing to
this project as I think it can help a lots of students and learners all around
the globe. <br><br> The best way to understand this code is to divide it in
three parts <br>

<ul>
    <li> Convertor Function </li>
    <li> Frontend </li>
    <li> Backend </li>
</ul> <br>

## Convertor Function

This contains the C++ code that convert the markdown string to a JSX string <br>
To work on this part of the code go to <code>"/backend/convertorFunction"</code>
<br> Understand the code written in <code>main.cpp</code>. If you wish to make
some changes to it make, them and then save the file.<br> Once satisfied with
the changes you have made follow these steps.

<ol>
    <li> Open your terminal in <code>"/backend/convertorFunction"</code> </li>
    <li> Clone the pybind11 repository using <code>git clone https://github.com/pybind/pybind11.git</code> </li>
    <li> Remove your previous build file using <code>rm -dr module_build</code> </li>
    <li> Now make a folder to put your build file <code>mkdir module_build</code> </li>
    <li> Go to your module_build directory <code>cd module_build </code></li>
    <li> Run cmake on your CMakeLists <code>cmake .. </code></li>
    <li> Create the module <code>make </code></li>
    <li> You will see a file like <code>string_to_JSX.cpython-38-x86_64-linux-gnu.so</code> in the directory module_build. This is our python module </li>
    <li> Remove the previous module stored in <code>/backend/base</code> using <code>rm ../base/string_to_JSX.cpython-38-x86_64-linux-gnu.so</code></li>
    <li> Copy the new module to base <code> cp string_to_JSX.cpython-38-x86_64-linux-gnu.so ../base/ </code></li>
</ol>
Restart the server and see your changes taking place.

## Backend
This part deals with creating API to feed data to frontend. <br>
All the related files are stored in <code>/backend</code>
All the file name and folder structure is same as used in standard Django applications so you won't face any problem in navigating through the code. <br>
All the files and piece of codes are properly commented so you won't find it hard to understand what's going on <br>
<code>string_to_JSX.cpython-38-x86_64-linux-gnu.so</code> is a python module generated by pybind11 and it is used in code by <code> from . import string_to_jsx </code><br>
Feel free to make any changes you want. If you don't see your changes taking place restart your django development server or migrate your changes

## Frontend
This parts deal with creating the frontend of the web application <br>
All the related files are stored in <code>/frontend</code><br>
All the files and piece of codes are properly commented so you won't find it hard to understand what's going on <br>
The file structure follow a pretty unique pattern.
<ul>
    <li> The directory <code>/frontend/src/Pages</code> contains different pages. These page just render some component on them.</li>
    <li> The directory <code>/frontend/src/Components</code> contains all the components. There are different subdirectories for components related to each page. While components shared between pages are put in subdirectory <code>Utilities</code></li>
    <li> Components follow a tree like structure. If a component is children of some other component then it is put as a subdirectory of parent component </li>
    <li> Each component is put in a directory which contains a <code>.jsx </code> file, a <code> .css </code> file for styling and directory of it's children </ls>
    <li> className is used as <code>`componentName-${someName}`</code> to avoid confusion </li>
</ul>
Once you have understood the code feel free to make any changes you want. 

## Issues
In case of any queries you can contact me by mailing at <code>iib2020015@iiita.ac.in</code> 